in terms of dealing with family, I'll say the leadership that empathizes
the most and who also have families are probably They have probably
the best habits because we, you know, to me, in my opinion, if you
have a married CEO, the CEO has a CEO, if you know what I mean. You
know? So he or she has to get home and, you know, balance that they
have to balance that work, life, work, home life, um, balance. Just
like you do. So if the demands aren't too high up on the ship, say,
for example, an inside of inspection or, ah, light off inspection
or something like that where it's not too demanding, too crazy, you
know, coming up then typically, Thea Ciro will allow more time for the
sailors to spend with their families.